{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\f1\fnil Helvetica;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red47\green85\blue151;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs24\lang9\par
\page\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Overview\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
As part of the Assignement, myIndiaa has asked S. Jaydev Acharya to test few functionalities of an ecommerce website \lquote {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.bigbasket.com }}{\fldrslt{https://www.bigbasket.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\rdblquote  web application.\par
This document serves as high level test planning document with details on the scope of the the testing approach and strategies for ensuring the quality of the Big Basket application. This document covers the objectives, scope, roles & responsibilities, test approach, test methodology, entry and exit criteria, and test automation strategies.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Scope\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
The scope of the project includes testing the following features of \lquote {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.bigbasket.com }}{\fldrslt{https://www.bigbasket.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\rquote  web application.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb40\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Inclusions\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0 Register\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Login & Logout\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Forgot Password\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Search\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Product Compare\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Product Display Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Add to Cart\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Wish List\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Shopping Cart\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Home Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Checkout Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}My Account Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Order History Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Contact Us Page\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Menu Options\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Footer Options\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Category Pages\par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 From my understanding, we believe above functional areas need to be Tested.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb40\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Test Environments\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0 Windows 10 \f1\endash\f0  Chrome, Firefox and Edge\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mac OS \f1\endash\f0  Safari Browser\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Linux Ubuntu OS \f1\endash\f0  Firefox \par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb40\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Exclusions\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0 All the features except that are mentioned under \lquote Inclusions\rquote\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Any third-party features or Payment gateways \par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Test Strategy\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
Jaydev has communicated with \lquote Big Basket\rquote  and has understood that we need to perform Functional Testing of all the functionalities mentioned in the above Scope section.\par
As part of Functional Testing, we will follow the below approach for Testing:\par
Step#1 \f1\endash\f0  Creation of Test Scenarios and Test Cases for the different features in scope. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 We will apply several Test Designing techniques while creating Test Cases \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Equivalence Class Partition\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Boundary Value Analysis\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Decision Table Testing\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}State Transition Testing\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Use Case Testing\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 We also use our expertise in creating Test Cases by applying the below:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Error Guessing\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Exploratory Testing\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 We prioritise the Test Cases\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Step#2 \f1\endash\f0  Our Testing process, when we get an Application for Testing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Firstly,  Smoke Testing will we performed on the initial builds to check whether the different and important functionalities of the application are working.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If the Smoke Testing fails We reject the build,because then we will know that the build is not stable and will wait for the stable build before performing in depth testing of the application functionalities.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Once we receive a stable build, which passes Smoke Testing, we perform in depth or Sanity testing using the Test Cases created.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Multiple Test Resources will be testing the same Application on Multiple Supported Environments simultaneously.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}We then report the bugs in the \lquote Jira\rquote  bug tracking tool and send you the defect found on that day in a status end of the day email.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}As part of the Testing, we will perform the below types of Testing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Smoke Testing and Sanity Testing\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Regression Testing and Retesting \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Usability Testing, UI Testing and Accessibility Testing\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 We repeat Test Cycles until we get the quality product.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Step#3 \f1\endash\f0  We will follow the below best practices to make our Testing better:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Exploratory Testing \f1\endash\f0  Using our expertise we will perform Exploratory Testing, apart from the normal execution of the Test cases.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}End to End Flow Testing \f1\endash\f0  We will test the end-to-end scenario which involve multiple functionalities to simulate the end user flows.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Problem Tracking and Test Tracking Procedures\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
\b Defect Reporting Procedure:\par
\b0 During the test execution \f1\endash\f0  \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Any deviation from expected behaviour by the application will be noted. If it can\rquote t be reported as a defect, it\rquote d be reported as an observation/issue or posed as a question.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Any usability issues will also be reported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}After discovery of a defect, it will be retested to verify reproducibility of the defect. Screenshots with steps to reproduce are documented.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Every day, at the end of the test execution, defects encountered will be sent along with the observations.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Note:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Defects will be documented in a word document.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Test scenarios and Test cases will be documented in an excel document.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Test Methodology\cf0\line\line The testing methodology includes:\par
\par
Requirements Analysis: Review and analysis of functional and non-functional requirements.\par
\par
Test Planning: Defining test objectives, scope, approach, and test scenarios.\par
\par
Test Design: Creation of test cases, test scripts, and test data.\par
\par
Test Execution: Running test cases, recording results, and reporting defects.\par
\par
Test Reporting: Preparation of test reports, defect logs, and metrics analysis.\par
\par
Test Closure: Review of test results, documentation, and lessons learned.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1\par
Entry and Exit Criteria\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 Entry Criteria: Availability of requirements, test environment setup, test data, and test resources.\par
\par
Exit Criteria: Completion of test execution, achievement of test objectives, resolution of critical defects, and approval from stakeholders.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Suspension and Resumption Criteria\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
Based on the Client decision, we will suspend and resume the Project.\par
We will ramp up and ramp down the resources as per Client needs. \par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Tools\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
The following are the list of Tools we will be using in this Project:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Jira Bug Tracking Tool\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mind map Tool \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spreadsheel documents\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spring Tool Suite for Execution of Automated Script.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Risks and Mitigations\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
The following are the list of risks possible and the ways to mitigate them:\par
Risk: Non-Availability of a Resource\par
Mitigation: Backup Resource Planning\par
Risk: Build URL is not working\par
Mitigation: Resources will work on other tasks\par
Risk: Less time for Testing\par
Mitigation: Jaydev will ramp up the resources based on the Client needs dynamically\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl259\slmult0\cf1 Approvals\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par
Jaydev will send different types of documents for Client Approval like below:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Test Plan\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Test Scenarios\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Test Cases\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Reports\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Testing will only continue to the next steps once these approvals are done.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 